This is a head gum original.
There we go.
Now we have the energy inside.
You're going good.
Feeling amazing right now.
There you go.
Played against me.
Yeah, I've been mad at the story over here.
She's good for me.
No, I'm not working here.
Okay.
I've got nothing but time.
Yeah, it is late on a Monday.
Monday for PM.
It's the Monday after Thanksgiving.
So we're all kind of coming into this episode with like a little extra fat, right?
A little extra joy.
And I'd like to ride that wave into the episode.
Yeah.
It's just like today.
That's the bigger story.
It's not the Monday.
Yeah.
It's your actual birthday.
It might be the first one to say happy birthday job.
Yeah.
I'll be the third to say happy birthday.
The first was actually Johnny.
Johnny works at that ago.
Yeah.
And he texted me last night at 1140.
Okay.
So too early, almost.
He's wrong.
Yeah.
That's true.
Then my mother was the first to say happy birthday.
After midnight.
Yeah.
midnight a class.
She and night L.
Mm-hmm.
She.
I think she.
Two a.
It's that.
Yeah.
She.
I wonder if she said in alarm for that or something.
She must have.
Um.
Next to you.
But we sweet.
Yeah.
No.
I mean, it came from like family.
Very defensive.
I would say it was sweet.
You took it.
Is it hard being a holiday baby?
Do you have a complex about that?
Yeah.
I don't like my birthday.
That's why I wasn't burying the lead.
Oh.
That's a nice.
You don't like that.
It's November 28th or you don't like having a birthday.
Yeah.
I don't like the attention.
Interesting.
When people ask me about you, I'm like he hates attention.
Yeah.
That's like.
No, that's the thing.
I like other attention.
Okay.
But on the birthday, you didn't do anything.
It's too easy.
So you want to earn it through your clothing and stuff.
Yeah.
That's what it was overalls.
And that's why I got a hair clip.
Right.
Yeah.
I knew it was.
It was covered in wine.
Look at that thing.
Yeah.
Stinks.
No.
Your birthday is just that you didn't die that year.
I don't know.
It is that you know people celebrating that you're a part of their life.
Yeah.
Right.
But mostly I'm like celebrate me every other day.
You know what I mean?
Okay.
So you would you prepare.
We just celebrated you every other day.
Except you're prepared.
That's the one day off that we get where we go.
Yeah.
It's like, oh my God.
Okay.
We can start that now.
Monday after Thanksgiving is the worst birthday to have.
It's like everyone's done with celebrating.
It's really time to get back to work that you're like, today's my day now.
Right.
She's just Christ.
Come on, man.
It's better than having it on Thanksgiving though, which sometimes it is.
Mm-hmm.
Yeah.
But at the same time then it's like everyone's thinking about Thanksgiving.
And then I don't have to feel all these textures.
Which I appreciate you like that.
Yeah.
Okay.
Got it.
It would be hard for me to have a predetermined dinner meal on my birthday.
That's true.
That's Thanksgiving dinner.
Because Thanksgiving dinner is not good to eat.
That's it.
I like it.
Me too.
I like it every day.
It's just good.
That's all I'm here by the way.
Yeah.
What is this?
The five timers club?
Um.
Is it the five timers club?
I think it's the four timers club.
Which is a bigger deal than the five timers club.
I think so.
You know, I'm not sure.
I will say I think it was the first sort of outside guest on this podcast.
Yeah.
That's true.
Just for my keeping tabs from distance.
Other guests have passed me a number.
Probably since then.
But I'm still the first.
No one can take that away from me.
I think you're the four times.
Really?
Four times are a non-employee.
Right.
And I don't, I'm not an employee.
Yeah.
Maybe five times.
That's the five.
You are one year contract.
That's amazing.
Cart Blanche access to do anything you want with the company.
Any thing you want to go on anything.
Literally anything.
You could be an accountant or a toilet.
You could do whatever you want.
I'm not going to pick yet.
Okay.
Because I guess I have some time to think.
But I believe in CEO.
If anything is on the table.
That sucks for.
I know.
Yeah.
The current CEO.
I think.
Because Marty really hangs his hat on.
That's his whole identity.
That's his identity.
Right.
It's his personality.
Totally.
I'm not even doing a bit.
I'd like to take that away from him would be devastated.
It sounds like it'd be helpful.
People should contain multitudes.
They should be more than just their job.
So it's like, okay.
Now live your job.
You'd be something else.
I'd be you.
Yeah.
He could be me.
So it's sort of a freaky Friday that happens.
I'm so sorry.
I got it.
Okay.
Then this five timers thinks that's amazing.
I can't wait for that episode.
This is real or not.
This is for.
Let's focus on the moment.
It's sort of a smaller deal.
It is 4 p.m.
Which in the LA office no one's around.
Like you don't work out of the office most days, right?
Yeah.
Twice a week.
Maybe even honestly sometimes a little less than that.
I haven't been in it a couple weeks.
And have you ever stayed past 4 p.m.
Only if I have to.
Exactly.
Like for live shows.
Yeah.
For live shows and stuff.
We run like an elementary school schedule, basically.
Like we get here at 7.30 a.m.
Yeah.
No, we don't.
But then we're out of here at 2.30.
Correct.
Yeah.
I like that.
So the back half is very elementary school style.
Yeah.
And the front half is.
I try to get here by noon.
So you're for two and a half hours.
It's like a New York brunch beginning into an elementary school.
Goodbye.
I'm going to love working here.
I mean, you'll dictate the hours for the CEO.
You're making so much noise.
It's just like.
A normal amount of.
Sorry.
I know it's hard when it's your birthday.
Right.
People are just wondering if you're laptop.
A normal day's texts stress me out.
And that's only like four.
Yeah.
So that's another reason why I don't like.
But I appreciate the sentiment.
But it's.
Can we get account too many notifications?
I mean, I've read a lot of them.
So I don't know what the count is.
But you could see on the eye message.
Just how many.
You want to see how many people have texted me today?
Yeah.
That's what I said by the count.
Okay.
He's scrolling books.
He is scrolling.
This is cool.
This is not just like a.
You know, I thought it'd be like.
All right.
There's not people.
He's got.
Johnny.
My therapist.
My managers.
I read Walton.
An Uber driver who texts me.
Still sometimes.
Oh.
He wished you have a birthday.
How does he know your birthday?
We like really hit it off.
This was like the really did.
When you would give the lift driver your birthday.
When you would sort of really talk to them and bear your birthday.
Okay.
That's a mustache in the front.
And you used to sit shotgun.
Right.
And then you say my birthday.
Mustache error lift for sure.
My brother-in-law.
Onya who works at headgum.
My aunt Karen.
My dad.
Tucker.
Yeah.
My sister and brother-in-law.
In a group chat.
My sister solo.
My buddy AJ.
Dan.
Nolan.
Murphy.
He used to edit videos for their Patreon.
And also is a subscriber of our Patreon.
That's nice.
My family group chat.
My friend Madison.
Very funny comedian.
This is like a plug thing now.
Who's this?
Oh, my buddy Jones.
I just wanted to count.
Emma Silver's.
Hi.
I remember her.
My roommate Justin.
Cecilie.
Nice.
Uh, my buddy Kevin.
Kevin.
Yeah.
Sure.
Shelby Wolstein.
Yep.
My buddy Ivan.
Ivan.
Yeah.
Um, my buddy James Johnston.
Kayla Riley.
George Saba.
My buddy Harry.
Billy Brick.
Everybody John Hall.
Sorry.
So what do we have?
Just because I'm listing names doesn't give you license to like talk over me and shit.
It is my birthday.
We weren't.
I got something else.
It's.
Yeah.
It's still good, man.
Sarah.
Winden.
Got it.
My friend.
Billy Scafiri.
Oh, that's nice.
Jake.
Wow.
Damn.
My friend Sidney.
And Marie Cabrondley.
Billy Scafiri beat me in fan duel by point four points the other night.
I want to talk to you about that on this show.
Okay.
Good.
What did it come down to?
It was really sad.
Turn over.
Jeremy's so hand got injured.
That's what it was.
Pretty easily.
I think.
The viewership of this is really exciting.
I'm scared.
Spurs.
Ricky.
Jeremy.
He's from Poland.
He's sort of as a dentist.
He's very cool.
He's got a cool vibe.
He has actually.
You were talking about buzzing your hair and dying at pink.
Yeah.
Jeremy pulled the trigger.
But he's wearing 10 on the spurs, which is what Dennis Rodman used.
He's running a lapse around you, my man.
That's right.
I think this is kind of an interesting rooster-esque way to where you're hair.
For now.
Okay.
What do you think I should do?
With your hair?
Hmm.
I'll think about it.
Okay.
Last time I talked to you in this office, you'd gone a date.
Ooh.
How's that going?
Dude.
It's already over.
What?
No.
Was it the COVID?
The COVID was not related.
It just, you know, it's just...
These things.
Sometimes these things...
It doesn't go that way.
Sometimes these things don't go our ways.
Wow.
You're in a relationship.
Yeah.
I love that this podcast.
I've never seen this side of you.
Or you're sort of getting into, like,
love lines, style, like,
who's dating, who?
Yeah.
Like, this is cool.
Well, thought it was just fantasy basketball.
Failing fantasy.
Yeah.
Birthday neighbor with Jason.
And then it ends.
Oh, no.
This is amazing.
Yeah.
We had Sally Dar Griffin on the show.
You know who that is?
TikTok star.
Okay.
Yeah.
And like, she always talks about date she goes on.
Okay.
So we kind of have this mini segment called dating in LA.
Oh.
And, uh, because I feel like if people on the internet
always don't want to know about internet
personalities dating in Los Angeles,
you're dating in Los Angeles.
Right.
I don't think I've edited that personality,
but...
Yeah.
Kind of a R.
You're the most requested guest on the show.
God.
You're saying...
I'm sorry.
I don't know what you're really, but you suck.
Yeah.
I got to get that in the way.
Um, were we talking?
Yes.
I bit early.
What is it?
It's the corner of...
Okay.
Yeah.
So your sort of yours thoughts to my feed thing is
doxing me.
I show big as you genuinely doxing.
All of it is done heads.
We're going to show it.
Yeah.
Okay.
Wait.
What are you doing for you?
Yeah.
We just want to say hi.
Notice I didn't like a tweet of mine three years ago.
Also, there was kind of a lot to cover.
Yeah.
You've been pretty prominent on Twitter.
Twitter's going belly up.
I don't think I have been prominent on Twitter.
You've gone viral?
I've gone...
I go viral, but does it really translate into me, like,
kind of go viral?
I guess lost in the shuffle.
Yeah.
I talked to you guys about it.
There's a funnel that's, like, engagement likes retweets new followers.
And it really is like 10% of 10% of 10% of 10% by the time you reach that last one,
it's like four new followers.
Yeah.
And you start to think, was it worth?
Totally.
Yeah.
I definitely worth it.
Years ago, I have started telling myself a story, which is just, like,
who needs more followers?
Yeah.
Which of course, I'd like more followers.
And it's also, I tell myself a thing of, like,
well, I'm not selling out.
You know what I mean?
I've got posting a ton, posting memes, trying to get in the thing.
You're not playing the game.
That's why I don't have more followers.
It's like, maybe.
You don't think it's accurate about a followers that I deserve.
Your Instagram is just photos of a Dell background of a beach.
But that, I don't...
That I have way less followers.
That's even worse.
I'm falling apart.
But again, I'm not seeking the followers, but I'm in hurt.
Yeah.
I mean, everyone is passively seeking followers.
Right.
But yeah, how do I feel about Twitter's demands?
I mean, it seems to still exist, so I don't know.
But I mean, I, when it seemed like it was going to die,
I was kind of excited.
Yeah.
I thought it would have been nice of it died.
I agree.
I would have, like, I have more time to do other stuff.
The, one of the last things I tweeted was a photo of my ass.
I don't know if you say that.
I saw that. Yeah.
That was cool.
So I was...
What do I, what are you supposed to say?
Sorry.
And, well, what are your genuine thoughts on my ass?
On your ass?
It's great.
Yeah.
Strong.
Big.
I don't know.
I'm like such a bad ass.
You know, and so for me, the bar is lower than that ass.
Yeah.
But I'm very, you know, it's just nothing going on back there.
It wouldn't like impress whenever I see stuff happening back there.
It really would have been ideal timing for me.
Because that would have been, I think at the time that he bought it,
yeah, I posted it.
Look, that's what put him over the edge to buy it.
He's like, wow.
Look at this.
The content.
Yeah.
Unbelievable.
All right.
Did you see my ass?
I did.
What did you think?
That's off.
Yeah.
Good for you.
Thanks.
That was good.
But yeah.
Let's talk about dating in LA.
You've been gainfully in a relationship for the better part of a decade.
No.
Right.
Little less than that.
Yeah.
Two years.
Let's round up.
I need to go.
I'll get four.
Let's say four.
I'll change.
Because you knew her before you started dating.
That's true.
But we were at a relationship then.
You were laying the ground.
It wasn't.
I wasn't.
I need to say for the record that I was not.
All right.
Four years.
Yep.
Okay.
What is it like dating in a relationship?
Yeah.
Being in a relationship dating active.
Because you never want to stop dating your partner.
No.
Yeah.
What's your experience dating?
I mean, it's though.
Thank you for asking me about this.
It's, you know, it's feels similar to dating other places for me.
Because again, it's just the real one relationship.
Yeah.
A few years.
So it's just kind of hanging out with each other.
Going to restaurants.
You go to the movies a lot.
I want restaurants.
I think that's what people get interested in.
How often are you at like found oyster?
Right.
You, we have gone on a date to found oyster before.
I think that's.
And now oysters really good.
Yeah.
I don't really like oysters.
But there's, you were talking about the lonely oysters.
There's Eleneo oysters.
There's just a lot of oysters going around.
Elenees like one of my favorite restaurants.
I, because it's an average yak, right?
So you have to understand that like red wine and that.
You can't help but end up in the sack.
No, you have to understand.
Yeah.
You have to.
You really literally have to understand that.
Is there anything there other than oysters?
Are you just getting oysters?
I'm going to call from around in a numbers.
Yeah.
This is never happened on the show.
Hello.
You don't want to pause speaker.
I think this is more interesting.
Because we only hear one side.
Yeah.
Well, this was probably how you became friends with that lift drive.
It's not that part does make a long run.
Yeah.
I don't know how to describe it.
It's.
Tell that you.
Okay.
Thank you.
You didn't do it.
You didn't seem happy.
There was two times on that call where he was like.
Damn.
He was just not where you wanted him to.
Got it.
So it's sort of a light prank wouldn't have been good.
I, he seemed really exasperated.
So I think if I'd been like, by the way,
it's my birthday.
So really, I need this package.
It was an Amazon package, which I had going to,
I don't know.
The only thing I order for Amazon is like utility things.
Like I drops.
Hmm.
Um, what the hell were we talking about before?
Oh, the found oyster, right?
So like, what are the dating spots?
Because you're talking.
When you were in the color,
we're talking about like, like sort of the looseness of the podcast.
Right.
Now.
Well, the other thing is we've been, we've been banking episodes.
All in October.
We haven't recorded in four weeks.
Got it.
So I'm like off my gamer.
Okay.
Got it.
So maybe we can help you kind of tighten back up a little bit and get back
in the swing of things.
Why did you want to record on your birthday specifically?
Because this one was scheduled way in advance.
I thought it was going to be like a birthday spectacular.
Yeah.
Me too.
But now it's just like, you didn't even want to address it.
This could have been a Tuesday recording.
You just asking us about a restaurant that I went to like a year ago.
I was like, I don't know what I'm supposed to say about it.
I already said it was good.
I thought like a food reviewing podcast.
Yeah.
No.
I'm confused.
I just thought it would be something nice to do.
It's a Monday, right?
And it's late.
We also need the episode to go out this Friday.
So I was like, I'd rather have more time to edit it tomorrow.
I see.
And last week was a holiday.
My thing going into it wasn't a birthday spectacular.
It was more for me to be like,
I don't have to do anything.
I could, I could, I could not talk for this whole hour.
The opposite.
But no time and effort into it.
I see.
You know, you get will feel bad.
Calling you out.
You can't say anything to me today.
Right.
Although you did say I suck.
So you're getting right to the point that I did.
Yeah, but you can say that if you start out with,
I know it's your birthday.
Yeah.
Exactly.
Wrong.
Ali, let's get into you.
Okay.
I want you to open up on the show.
Say things that you'll kind of be driving home and be like,
I was kind of personal.
I feel like every day anyway.
That's fair.
That's cool.
What's like a secret you feel comfortable with your.
But yourself or someone close to you is.
Oh, man.
Secret.
You can't put someone on the spot.
It's like weird.
You're weird.
It's weird.
I understand what you're saying.
I don't have very many.
I don't really think I even have very many secrets.
I think at least one person.
I've told.
I remember an open book.
Yeah.
Right, but a secret can be something that you share.
Like, uh.
Well, okay, right.
When I was 18.
But no, that's too impressive.
Wow.
When I was 18, I had to go see yourologist.
Okay.
And he gave me the steroid cream.
And because I had a sexual encounter with somebody.
Where my dick had been broken, basically.
And you and I knew each other at that point.
Yeah, but we didn't talk about this.
I know.
That's what I'm saying.
Like, that was the secret I'd kept from everyone.
This is all was a creep.
That I was supposed to use as I pleased.
Okay.
And it fixed the issue.
As you pleased.
Myself.
So, so.
I mean, can I ask you more questions about what happened?
I guess I don't want to pry.
Yeah.
I mean, I don't want to get to graphic.
The last thing I want to do is like.
Be.
Crass on the show.
Right.
You talk about breaking your dick and using a cream.
I think you brought up.
But you're in a court.
Yeah.
That's true.
So we knew each other.
We knew each other.
You didn't bring this up to me at the time.
I think I was embarrassed.
Right.
I'm 18 years old.
I'm at the neurologist.
That doesn't happen to anyone.
No, life happens fast.
Yes.
I'll be happy.
I mean, it was kind of from like a cool, like, you know,
not cool, but like you were having sex.
Yeah.
Sex really.
That's true.
It wasn't it impact your life.
Actually, the person.
You know the person.
Oh, my God.
Yeah.
That's crazy.
Well, you definitely shouldn't say who it was, but I'm really curious.
Are you going to bleep it out?
I'll bleep it out.
Yeah.
At least now you know.
You know your penis.
In a way.
Yeah.
I didn't even tell her.
You didn't.
You just cut that inside?
Mm-hmm.
I have a lot of questions.
You want to answer them.
Okay.
Did.
Did you continue your encounter?
Yeah.
Okay.
Did that really hurt?
Yeah.
Oh my God.
I can't imagine a cream helping like a muscle's right.
That's what's confusing me.
Yeah.
Again.
I was like, here's a steroid ointment.
Yeah.
It didn't look like a cap in half.
I don't know what you guys are picture.
Yeah.
I think the remedy is like a popsicle stick in some strength.
I'm kind of like, yeah.
Okay.
Making sure a plant grows vertically.
Yeah.
Making sure you can corner something.
More than you usually do.
The muscle was fine.
The skin was not so scary.
So scary.
Did you finish?
Excuse me.
Yeah.
It was a topical steroid ointment.
Okay.
It seemed like a chafing dermatological issue more than a...
Erologist.
Yeah.
It was like the same brook as you did.
At what point would you say I'm back baby?
Like it was...
I love what were you like I back to a hundred percent.
I think I had sex four weeks after that because it was New Year's Eve.
Yeah.
You got it.
Well weeks after that.
Yeah.
Interesting.
But we're saying you were back at that point.
Now it's all flooding back to you.
You're at the same party that this happened.
Must have been a Halloween party.
I was at the party with the dick skin.
No, no.
This happened after years.
No.
Halloween to New Year's.
Why is it too much?
I was supposed to talk about Ali the night of the night of the night of the
night of the had hung out.
It was at your apartment.
It was at my apartment.
Yeah.
Your senior year.
You would hung...
That had...
Okay.
And that sort of proceeded what happened.
Yeah.
That's very crazy.
Green fleece.
Because I remember there was a photo of it.
I was wearing a party hat.
Wow.
Well thank you for sharing that with me.
I think that's really...
Do you...
Are you like that's the fleece I broke.
I don't have the same fleece anymore.
Oh.
All this to say we can participate in a shared vulnerability.
We can sort it.
That was just to open the floor for you to share a secret.
Okay.
I really...
It doesn't have to be steroidal in nature.
All right.
Well, there was this one time.
It was like four weeks before New Year's.
And I broke my dad.
Oh my God.
That's yeah.
And that's got to be very cool.
The Doctor King.
Yeah.
Was this 2015?
Damn.
Can you believe we broke our decks on the same night?
So crazy.
Like that's why you guys got...
Yeah.
That's really crazy.
We have to get some of the sort of...
Awesome.
We have to take a break and then we have so much more to get to.
We haven't gotten into any of the things that I had prepared.
Yeah, I wonder.
You wonder what...
What it could be.
Guys, we're coming up on the holidays.
The happiest season, right?
Well, let's be real.
Between hectic holiday travel, stressing over getting that family recipe just right.
And dealing with that uncle's politics that are just wrong.
The last thing you want to worry about is finding a great gift for everyone on your list.
When the spirit of giving, I'm sharing my go-to gift idea premium audio products from Raycon.
Raycon's wireless earbuds, headphones and speakers offer premium sound, useful features,
and almost custom comfortable fit and up to 54 hours of battery life.
Again, 54 hours of battery life.
That is a lot more than the other leading audio brands.
Anyone you give them to will find a use for them right away.
Whether they use their speakers to start a party in the living room or escape the party completely
and use the earbuds for some much needed Zen meditation.
And as the person gifting them, you've got to love that they start at half the price of other premium audio brands.
I've said this before.
I'll say it again.
I use my Raycon wireless earbuds for my hot girl walks.
And they really are a comfortable fit.
Whether you're staying active, rock climbing because they fit better.
They don't fall out when you hit the mat, right?
They don't fall out when you're on your little wall.
It's rocking up public staircases, daunting a little bit moving your hips because you don't have
a good body control.
And they don't fall out like other premium audio brand earbuds have in my life.
And for the next month, Raycon will have a countdown to Christmas with a new pop-up flash deal
for you to take advantage of every single day.
You can find Raycon in stores now, like Coles or Walmart.
But let me tell you right now, you're always going to get the best deal at buyraycon.com slash
What's that?
The Raycon website also offers free shipping, free returns, and buy now pay later options.
Plus a 30 day happiness guarantee.
So if you don't like them for some reason, which you will, you can send it back to Raycon.
Get your money back.
There's literally no risk involved.
Now, right now go to buyraycon.com slash what's that to get 15% off site wide with code holiday?
Plus free shipping.
That's code holiday at buyraycon.com slash what's that for 15% off your Raycon purchase?
Again, buyraycon.com slash what's that?
Thanks Raycon.
Okay.
Let's take it into everyone's bonds of the week.
Yeah.
I think that James Bond is like an action adventure series that is a little more sophisticated.
Right?
There's the clothes, there's the cars, there's the one.
Yes.
You know, you think that.
Go on, sorry.
That's something I've been doing with.
Right.
And what other IP does it take a certain level of intelligence to understand?
Pickle rack.
Right?
What's that?
Who?
Rick and Morty.
I think you have to be really smart to get those jokes.
I don't think so.
Really pretty broad and immature.
Yeah.
I like 11 year old cousin loves that.
Right.
Okay.
Because I was going to say Rick and Morty could be James Bond.
Both of them.
Oh, yeah.
Yeah.
Okay.
But you didn't know.
It's like.
Pickle rack.
That's not everybody.
You have to have read a couple books to understand that.
Like comic books about Rick and Morty.
I don't know.
Like naked lunch.
Okay.
It's interesting.
We're talking about the ways the podcast has changed when you're on the phone earlier.
And it's on the podcast.
I like that.
You know, this segment is still happening.
Yeah.
But other things are changed.
Five of change.
But we're still doing the bond of the week always.
We're doing these in studio more.
It's always harder for me to be an utter asshole.
Right.
And I'm looking someone dead in the air.
That makes sense.
You got.
So you don't.
So you don't have to be smart to get Rick and Morty.
No.
It's Dan Harmon.
I think.
I don't want to be smart to write Rick and Morty.
Yeah.
Like Grace Freud.
Sure.
But you don't have to be smart to enjoy Rick and Morty.
But that's what everybody says.
Who says?
Everybody's like, everybody who watches Rick and Morty is like,
it's really smart humor.
So I've just taken that as gospel.
I don't watch the show.
Okay.
So how did you know the pickle Rick?
Yeah.
Because you see that on Twitter.
And for the longest time was like,
What is that?
I don't know why is that funny.
I guess I'm just too dumb to get it.
Okay.
Why is that old man?
So you're earning into a pickle.
You want to believe that the show is too smart.
I don't explain why you don't.
When I've seen it, I don't laugh.
So I don't know.
So I must be too dumb.
Right.
That's what people told me.
I got it.
Would they trade off?
Being James Bond or would it just be like,
There's two James Bond's.
Well, that's, it's like, I don't think like scientists.
Yeah.
So they could be.
You brought this up.
Like, I don't even know the show.
You brought it up.
What are you so mad?
That's my bond of the week.
What are your guys?
Okay.
All right.
I have been watching to make myself fall asleep at night.
Murder, she wrote.
Yeah.
So Angela landsbury's hologram.
That's pretty good.
Yeah.
Like, just digital.
Just put her in the shot.
And you don't think that's like too much to digest.
Like, there's a new plot line storyline.
Ray finds his M. Judy dunches out.
And then.
Is it acknowledged that she's a hologram or the hologram is the actor playing
bomb?
She, it's acknowledged that she's a hologram.
And that's almost what makes her job hard.
It's hard.
So it means like,
There's really some benefits.
You shoot a hologram.
You're fine.
That's that'll help bond.
But can you even hold a gun?
No, she has what she has to work to overcome.
So it's the plot of the first one heard overcoming the adversity
that comes with being a hologram.
Yeah.
Is there even a villain?
Mm, herself.
Got it.
I'm in.
Sounds good.
Yeah.
Better than the Rick and Morty one for sure.
Definitely.
Yeah.
There's a top two.
That'd be number one.
Weird.
Maybe you were too dumb to understand.
Probably.
Is your bond of the week?
Mario.
Oh, that's cool.
It's funny.
Is it Chris Pratt as Mario?
Yep.
And he's doing the voice in it.
Doesn't sound quite right.
He's doing the British.
Yeah.
He's doing that voice in a way.
That is.
Theo James.
Oh.
So I've been watching White Lotus.
And he's in White Lotus.
He's a tall handsome, funny guy.
And he's actually British.
I found out not to recently.
Is that the guy who was always sitting like this and like talking to.
Yeah.
He should be.
It's dick out at one point.
But it was fake.
Yeah.
Is it the.
It's the asshole.
It's the sort of.
Yeah.
It's the asshole.
You're a man.
It's totally down to labor.
As an asshole to me.
He's a lot more intricate.
If that makes sense.
Not like bond would be.
Did you watch last night's episode?
I did.
I really liked it.
I saw it too.
Crazy.
What's that?
I saw it too.
You think?
I watched it.
Yeah.
I said.
It was that guy.
Yeah.
Like you had watched four minutes of the pilot.
Well, so much.
So many of those actors are people that we don't know yet.
And now we know them.
But I don't know which name is the actor.
Right.
Yeah.
So.
Can I change my mind a week?
Yeah.
Luigi.
Nice.
Um.
These games would be a good Luigi.
Oh, my God.
Can you imagine how fucking asshole out?
Yeah.
And if you guys had a birthday today.
I would sort of seed the floor to you at the moment.
You started speaking.
Yeah.
And I feel like I've been talked over.
It's hard for me to get a word.
And I just was.
When's your birthday?
June 3rd.
October 20th.
Oh.
Okay.
January 18th.
Yeah.
Um.
Percy and BC.
We got to get into the news of the day.
Yep.
Percy and BC.
Parents of successful kids don't worry about screen time.
Experts says they teach these three skills instead.
What do we think they are?
Um.
It works better for the edit if you kind of like.
So there's overlapping dialogue.
Economic literacy.
Um.
Kind compassion.
Compassion and I don't know what else.
Um.
Risk my tech.
Yeah.
All wrong.
Okay.
One.
How do we evaluate media?
There's no way.
Parents.
Yeah.
Why?
Let me elaborate.
That's our team of successful kids of kids that turn out fine.
Good.
They research and explore apps, games and websites.
Read the user agreement and reviews together.
And shit.
Really?
The user agreement like the legal terms like service.
They agree too.
And they share any values or concerns that they have about the agreement.
That's how you get into fucking Yale.
This isn't news for us.
Seems like one crazy man's opinion.
What's number two?
How to draw screen boundaries.
Let me.
What's the net?
Okay.
So the title of the article is parents of successful kids don't worry about screen time.
They focus on these three skills instead.
And number two is how to draw screen boundaries.
So the kids are choosing whether or not to use the screen.
And that's the difference.
Parents can come up with guidelines that create a balance.
And teach your kids how to use screens constructively.
Okay.
Like, I don't think any of us here are parents.
You know.
So it's like what?
What do you want us to say?
Jesus.
That wasn't me being like confirming.
You're never going to have kids.
You didn't say it like that the first time.
You said it like that.
He's been a pretty messed up.
Yeah.
Do you guys want to have kids eventually?
I don't know.
I go back and forth every day.
Yeah.
What about Ali Jr.
Not does that change your mind?
No.
I would love.
You're husband.
Ali Jr.
You don't want that reminds me of, well, I don't know.
There's just so many times where I'm like, I'd love to be able to pass along.
Like, pop culture influences on to a child.
But that's kind of like the amount of mothering that I'm interested in.
Like, I want to like show them a show and be like, oh, that was important.
Like, like, wipe a diaper for seven times.
You don't wipe the diaper.
I don't know.
You know what I really don't want to do?
I don't want to have to shut up other people's plans for them.
Yeah.
That's what moms do.
Like, they're always like, does your kid want to come over and have a pleading?
Oh, I have to talk to.
I don't want to drive them over.
Yeah.
And then I have to talk to the other parents.
I have to stay in their their foyer and make sure everybody's comfortable for a little late.
They eat dinner.
Like, oh, my God.
I don't want to do it.
Yeah.
Or like, if Mike is a fighter, I have to call the mom be like, so sorry.
My kid bit your kid.
Yeah.
I'm not interested in that.
But I am interested in showing a child that the secret garden is good back.
And you're talking about being an aunt.
Yeah.
I guess that's what I want.
Are you an aunt?
No.
On the side.
The last one is how do you scream for good?
Which I think they mean for like the good of humanity.
But I'm thinking just in perpetuity.
A new book claims Queen Elizabeth and Prince Philip kept their distance in final years.
The Duke of Edinburgh reportedly spent his days in his own way.
Fast forward to the next.
You've chosen to spend your birthday.
All right.
No thoughts on that.
No.
All right.
Can't hear what actors are saying on TV.
It's not you, probably.
There are things you can do per the Wall Street Journal to address audio issues introduced
by the production process.
Okay.
This is like a great help.
People now watch.
I feel like I'm just visiting my grandfather.
He's reading TV guide from 2015.
This is it.
More interesting than like reading the Washington Post.
No.
No context.
It feels like we're reading the user agreement as a family.
Yes.
We're old.
Oldest meal discovered in a $550 million.
Sorry.
You're old.
I've been shopping.
$550 million.
You're old fossil.
In a fossilized specimen of a of the slug like Kimberly.
A team detected molecules of fight fight.
Tossural preserved in the creature's gut.
The chemical product, which is found in plants,
suggested it ate algae and bacteria from the ocean floor.
My question is, no sides.
We all crack up for nine minutes.
That was great.
You got to make birthday last.
That was awesome.
They also found onion rings in his underwear.
I like that.
Yeah.
For the supermark.
We were talking about how.
But the last time we were on the show is still the episode.
At least point to people to to be like, if you don't listen to the show,
but if you want to, this is a good episode.
You're still a writer on what we're doing the shadows.
Yep.
CoEP.
You always guess title, which is not easy to get.
I'm not a coEP.
They'd be like, really big.
Yeah.
You're still, you're still just executive story out of there?
No.
I mean, I think you got to get walked.
You're a producer.
Producer.
Wow.
You already nailed it.
And then stop guessing.
And just, well, hey, let me look at the schedule.
Why are you talking about?
Yeah.
Actually, I guess this W.J. East isn't it.
You're going to ask about rates.
I'm looking at the schedule of minimums.
Right.
Why would you do this?
What was that producer?
Producer.
Yeah.
Although, I guess you're PGA now.
That's not how it works.
I'm a producer level writer.
I'm still on the writer's field.
Okay.
So it's like, this isn't interesting to anyone.
Not necessarily.
It makes me uncomfortable.
How so?
I think you're trying to talk about how much money I make.
It's important that we discuss our finances
so that everyone gets paid fairly.
But like, you're trying to think that a union has picked.
Like, there's no, like, if someone's doing,
we're going to guild show.
It doesn't matter what they don't need to know what I make.
$5,000 a week.
I don't want to talk about it.
So it's more than that.
Yeah.
But for the viewership, it's important to recognize that we live in a
gig economy in this industry, right?
So you might be getting $7,200 a week.
You have agency fees, your manager fees.
You have taxes, obviously.
And that has, you only work for what?
16 weeks out of the year.
Yep.
So that has to last the whole year.
So it's not $7,000 a week.
It's not $7,000 times 52.
So it's like, it's something up.
The nation is selling.
It's like, no one was talking about this.
No one's curious about it.
It's just completely unnecessary.
The entire thing.
I want to make $7,000 a week.
Sure.
Yes.
But you suck.
Number.
You remember?
I said, I said you suck.
Yeah.
That hasn't changed.
I wrote more scenes to get your advice on.
I want to see how I've grown as a writer in the past year.
Okay.
Your eyes in your...
So we're sure of doing like a sequel to the last...
Yeah.
It's sort of table read.
The table read episode.
Yes.
So I...
I sent it to you over Slack.
I said it to you guys over text.
Five different scenes.
And would love to get your...
No.
It's pulled a room.
And there's scene direction.
So I'll assign roles.
I'll sort of cast it as we go.
This first scene takes place.
It's sort of a...
You know, first date scene.
Is that...
I mean, why don't you be man?
And Ali, why don't you be woman?
Sure.
And they cast me.
Zack, can you...
All right.
Ali, why don't you be man?
I'm here.
You be woman.
Actually, that works.
You're man, you're woman.
You have woman.
You...
You're me, Rory.
You do seem direction and sort of call action.
Okay.
Just so I can hear it.
And I don't have to book this at all.
Yeah.
Sounds good.
You don't have to focus.
I can sort of zone out.
There.
Yeah.
Unlike the rest of the podcast.
Ready?
Yeah.
Okay.
And...
We're exterior apartment building.
Night.
And action.
Wanna come up?
Just watch you kick it down.
I just watch you kick it down.
The neck.
That's true.
You saw a blind, three-legged dash.
Dash sound.
Start only to cross the street.
You turned to me and said, watch this.
Then you position yourself for a punt.
Then dashed forward and center flying through the air.
She hit the cement with a sickening slap.
And which point you turned back around and yelled at the top of your lungs.
Goal.
Wrong sport by the way.
It's all football.
Yeah.
You've tripped on every side.
You've walked on.
And you've stolen mail from every stupid way fast.
I'm not convinced you live here.
I'm gathering you want to take it slow.
I want you to die.
Hey, wait.
Before you go.
Wanna watch me do a magic trick?
The man takes out a deck of cards.
But they're all stuck together.
Shit.
You probably think I jack off to these now, huh?
Do you?
Well, yeah.
But now you think that.
The woman spits in the man's eye.
Oh.
She shoves him into a pile of trash.
She lights the match.
It tosses it onto his shirt.
Of course.
And.
All right.
Great.
So my goal with this scene was to sort of show and not tell.
Okay.
Yeah.
Which is the opposite, right?
Of what?
They tell you to do.
No way.
They show what they show you to do.
Nice.
Oh, yeah.
They tell you to show and not tell.
But you did the opposite.
You just told.
What about the lighting about something?
I guess at the way end.
This was an interesting scene.
Yeah.
I mean, I think as with last time,
I don't know what like.
What this is.
Like it's like, is it a.
Is it a scene from a pilot?
You've written, you know,
Is there a complete short?
Yeah.
Or is there more to it?
Is it like the big short?
I really like the way you demonstrated cause and effect.
Thank you.
Yeah.
And you also worked as a development executive before
I had gum, right?
That's.
Thank you for saying I was an executive.
I wasn't.
I was still in a coordinator.
But that's still you're reading a lot of material.
No, I'm reading.
Yeah, scripts all that.
Yeah.
And you've sort of had.
You've been told that you're writing is bad.
And you have to edit a lot because you like.
What is it for?
Phil pilots?
Uh, not Phil pilots, but.
Um.
Got it.
So now you're sort of being mean.
I wasn't trying to mean.
I was trying to clarify.
Just your qualifications for what I know.
You're trying to clarify something.
You said.
Similar to the other thing.
You keep creating issues.
And then.
That makes sense.
I'm not trying to be mean.
I'm just.
I'm trying to clarify what I said.
Um.
Yeah.
There's sort of like writing exercises.
You try to do like a couple pages every day.
And then maybe one of them sparks joy slash inspiration.
And then you decide to write a pilot around that.
So it's a pilot for a pilot in a way.
Like maybe this could be like a big sick.
You know what I mean?
Like brown guy, white girl.
Right.
That's what you say.
Correct.
My wife.
Yeah.
So yeah.
I think of course at the end.
That felt a little bit like that's like sort of a catchphrase type
big of yours.
And you're kind of trying to jam that in.
Yeah.
Which I would say writing wise.
Don't do that because you don't know who's.
I don't know if you're going to play the part.
You know what I mean at the end of the day.
You know.
Alley could be playing the part.
And that's not her catchphrase.
And so then suddenly.
So maybe keep stuff like that.
Your personal catchphrases out of your scripts.
That's just friendly advice.
No, that makes sense.
And it's actually.
It's funny you said that because I was dying.
Judge Ryan Hart for that part.
Brown guy.
Judges attached.
That's awesome.
Yeah.
All right.
Let's go on to this next one.
This one sort of like.
If you guys seen the sopranos.
Yes.
So this is like.
Similar to the sopranos.
So that's the tone.
Okay.
And kind of a lofty.
That's just.
A little pre-advice.
Yeah.
I said the bar so high always when you're showing someone something.
Kind of like what is widely considered as the best television show of all time.
Well, you know.
You got to aim high.
I don't want to like try and write a show that's like.
I don't know.
No.
I respect that.
Spy.
Who series.
No.
Why don't we have a mirror.
You're the therapist.
Okay.
Zack, why don't you be third good.
And Ali, why don't you call scene direction for this?
Okay.
Interior therapy office.
A therapist sits with their patient.
He's because you're kind of dorky.
What?
I mean, your name is Thurgood.
That's.
Ha-ha.
Ha.
I mean, your name is Thurgood.
That's not exactly sexy.
Ha-ha.
I tell you my wife has an initiated sex in two years, and that's your response.
Let me level with you.
I'm retiring.
I'm retiring, yeah, check swatch.
25 minutes.
So frankly, I couldn't give a shit if your wife has thought.
I think we've got to get some of the potatoes.
Let's go for this.
Yeah, let's go for this.
And then again, I'll just have it in me, right?
Any notes performance wise for us or going back?
That was a cold read by the way.
I'd never read that.
Same.
Let's really try to hit that sopranos tone.
OK.
And then I at least, can I make a recommendation that I'm
third good and you're the therapist just because of how I feel
like we come across anyway?
You seem like more of the therapist type.
You know, my parents are both therapists.
There we go.
All right.
Yeah, why don't you be therapists and you be third good?
I'm going to try to harness stuff for my parents and ancestors.
What do you call you?
Take a second to just switch roles.
OK, thank you.
OK, yeah.
OK, interior, therapy office, a therapist,
sits with their patients.
Maybe it's because you're kind of doorky.
What?
I mean, your name's Thurgood.
That's not exactly sexy.
I tell you what, my wife has an initiated sex in two years.
And that's your response.
Sorry, and that's your response.
Let me level with you.
I'm retiring in 25 minutes.
So frankly, I couldn't give a shit if your wife has the hot
so that you are not.
Bottom line is I'm moving to Hawaii, Tobaro.
So you say whatever it is you need to say.
You already have my recommendation for your next shrink.
Just fucking rail your wife tonight.
It'll be fine.
Make sure she comes like, I don't know, five or six times.
Doctor.
I'm not a doctor.
I'm an MFT.
I've never corrected you because I liked how it sounded.
The therapist lights a cigarette.
Also, you might invest in a leather jacket.
We'll love that bike or shit.
You even need a Harley, just the leather jacket.
SIGER at?
I'm good.
No, you're terrible.
And that's the problem.
Oh, shit.
My prawns are here.
You might have eaten some prawns during these last 20 minutes.
I mean, yeah, I kind of do.
You suck ass.
There you go.
That one's like characters who are immediately at odds
with each other, like trying to create conflict
in like, not only the moment, but also the characters
like disposition.
Well, it seems like we've had a long standing relationship.
This therapist is about to retire.
They have names for each other, built in jokes, sort of.
It's an inciting incident, potentially.
Yeah, this is interesting.
I mean, it feels a little bit like the way it starts, right?
It's like, maybe it's because you're kind of dorky.
What?
I mean, your name is Thurgood.
It feels like you like, name the character, Thurgood.
And then we're like, all right, what do we know about this guy?
It's Thurgood.
You know, it's like, it's like, maybe try to get a little deeper
into who the character is before you get there rather than just
being like, well, I named him Thurgood.
So I'm going to make a joke about those names, Thurgood.
So like more specific specific specificity.
Yeah, no, totally.
Specificity, exactly, man.
And I think that, but this is like really good, obviously.
Like, I think it's really good.
Yeah, it's like powerful, interesting.
And you guys aren't just saying that because it's my birthday.
No, is that your birthday still?
Yeah, I guess it is, yeah.
I'm not even thinking about your birthday anymore.
I'm thinking about other stuff.
And like, I, I think this is solid and nothing
or nothing to worry about, you know?
OK.
And it's not so not that the, if we've been going for 50 minutes
and you guys want to get out of here, we do.
We, is it almost five?
Because I do have a hard out.
Let's get these less scenes out of the way.
OK.
So I know that staffing, like when you apply to write for a TV show,
doesn't really operate on spec scripts anymore.
And you do.
But I'm like, what, it also need to like catch people's eye.
You have to be different.
And if everyone's doing original pilots as submissions,
I'm wondering if I do a spec script.
So I wrote a spec script for a new girl.
One of my favorite shows.
Just to show that I know these characters.
I can write for someone else's voice.
Yeah.
OK.
Let's have, let's have Zach B. Schmitt.
And then, Ali, can you be every other character?
Sure.
Actually, no, let's, sorry.
You be Schmitt.
You be Jess.
And Winston, and you be Nick and C.C.
OK.
And I'll read scene direction.
Interior, new girl loft.
Charge, Schmitt.
I'm being serious, Zoe.
I'll be back.
We can do a quick pop at of that is, yeah.
You have her characters.
They listen as Jess, right above it.
And then he calls her Zoe.
Maybe that comes into play later.
Yeah, let's finish.
Yeah.
I'm being serious, Zoe.
I feel like I'm having a seizure.
Can we stop the cameras, please?
Schmitt, sure.
OK, I see.
I'm not in character as Schmitt.
I'm Max Greenfield.
And I think I'm having a political episode.
What's Schmitt doing today?
He's being a big old douchebag.
Why is nobody helping me?
Where's Hannah?
She'll know what to do.
Oh, you want to talk to C.C. huh?
Let me guess, because she's brown.
What?
No.
Charge, Schmitty.
What is jar?
Be like, when you curve a douchebag jar, got it.
I can't feel, oh, my god.
I can't feel anything.
Schmitt, you got to condom?
No, someone called ambulance.
Charge, Schmitt passes out, C.C. enters.
Wow, real nice Schmitt.
You had so much to say, you fainted.
jar.
Yeah.
That one is not really a new girl.
That one's more like a meta commentary on.
Yeah.
It was like when they did Seinfeld reunions on curve.
Right.
But that was a hit.
Yes.
I'm going to say this.
I think you need to hear honesty.
I didn't like this one.
That's fair.
I mean, I'm open to criticism.
Let's move on to the Titanic.
Great.
Uh, seen.
Um, this is me trying to do something a little bit more grounded.
Okay.
Oh.
Um.
Zach, why don't you be Rose and Aliby Jack and Amiria Reed's
Indirection?
All right, interior Titanic.
Paint me like one of your French girls.
Okay, but you're not going to like what you see.
Jack paints her.
We're building painting.
This is a fat ass and two massive honkers.
Wow.
That's incredibly offensive.
I told you that you wouldn't like it.
I only know how to paint French girls with huge butts and
massive honkers.
Also, I do hate, I hate to do this, but I do have to charge you.
What?
I'm not just going to do a commission painting for free.
It was supposed to be romantic.
Oh, oh, oh, that's what this was.
It's not anymore.
What?
Okay, well, then you owe me $150.
You're an asshole Jack.
I fact this whole thing up.
Uh, interior.
No, that's interesting.
Thank you.
You've been writing end on the other ones.
Yeah, I didn't have space on that page and sometimes it's
going to consolidate.
Like, because you don't want it.
Well, whole page was just, yeah, that's all on one page.
Can you believe that?
All that packed into one page.
Really good.
Sort of.
Yeah, yeah.
I love Titanic fanfack.
Sure.
Yeah.
Okay.
I don't know what you want at it.
Like, this is, you know, it's not serious stuff.
It's not real writing.
Shorts are something like sketches, almost like little
interstitials.
Like, it's a sketch.
You know what I mean?
It's like robot chicken.
If you guys remember that, like, little animated shorts
that can go anywhere, or live anywhere, right?
Yeah.
Those like have, like, a specific idea to them.
And they fall through them in a specific way.
This one seemed like stream of consciousness a little bit.
Yeah.
Last one.
I think it was just to be like, last one.
Okay.
It was supposed to be a little bit.
What was it?
Who should be?
It's supposed to be like a check-in on, like, how is my writing ability
changed from last November to this November?
Yeah.
Okay.
Better word.
No, no, no, yeah.
I mean, I don't think you want to know the end.
It's your birthday.
Like, I'm not going to come in on your fucking birthday.
And like, tell you, you don't have what it takes.
I would not.
But that is what you would say.
I would never do that to you.
You're my friend.
What if it's tomorrow?
Yeah.
No, yeah.
I think tomorrow, you know, maybe let's have a conversation tomorrow.
Okay.
But what might you say at the conversation tomorrow?
I don't, I mean, it's impossible to predict the future.
You know what I mean?
But you're feeling like thinking those thoughts out.
I'm, it's like, it's a mismatch of things, you know?
Yeah.
So much, it needs your birthday.
You know what I mean?
I know you for years.
Yeah.
Like, I knew you back when your dick was broken in half.
It's like now to see you here, like, trying your best, like, it's amazing.
Doing my best or trying your best.
Yeah.
Exactly.
And so like, let's just finish this out and like have the best birthday ever.
That's cool.
Okay.
Yeah.
Down to do the last one.
I mean, you're running, you're running, you're running, you're Nicolas Cage.
And then, Ali, you want to, you be the director of the Unbearable Matt, the Unbearably
Massive, the Unbearable Weight of Massive Talent.
Sorry, I'm getting clusterd because like, I'm really thinking about what you think about
in terms of the quality of your life.
Just literally act like I'm not here.
All right.
Yeah.
That's a huge Tom director of the movie.
This is supposed to be like, did you guys see the Unbearable Weight of Massive Talent?
Yeah.
It was very good.
And I thought that it would be like, what if this was like a deleted scene,
or like, maybe a real kind of conversation that happened preceding the production, either
one.
Is he in the right?
Yep.
Interior, WME offices day.
This movie is about my life, Tom.
My jerk off in real life.
Right.
But.
All the Unbearable Weight of Massive Talent.
I'm the Massive Talent.
You are your a massive talent.
So then why is there a scene of me straight winking in this movie?
Okay, Nick.
I hear you.
All right.
I'll draft it.
And send it to you by Friday.
Okay.
Are we happy?
We're happy.
Nice.
I didn't like that one because it was just sort of one note.
Yeah.
I was one note.
The performances were flat.
I was illid-ease since the comment about Zach thinking things about my writing.
Definitely.
I mean, I was loving it before.
Allie was great.
Allie was an actor.
Both of them.
Yeah.
I felt tough.
You were great.
Allie was great.
Allie dropped in.
Yeah.
It was writing notes.
I mean, this movie came out.
Yep.
You know.
Yeah.
Well, with that being, like a DVD expert or some weird thing.
They're going to produce that.
It's going to be threats.
No, it's like we all are rooting for you, man.
And like I had such an interesting time doing this segment.
Yeah.
But even like that, it's like there's so many ways to interpret like we're all rooting
for you.
Is it like everyone's sad at the way in my life's going?
Because I'm like 25 now and wow, 25.
Yeah.
Over the hill is they say.
Yeah, geez.
Yeah.
I mean, I could die at 50.
You could die tomorrow.
What's that?
I did.
I did that before 50.
Sure.
Yeah.
We're all, you know.
It's always a risk.
And that's why birthdays are fun.
Yeah.
This is because you could die at 50.
I'm going to really think about this stuff.
You wrote.
Okay.
And I think you could have a really serious chance.
Pat.
I think that if you're going to take anything and run with it, maybe third
guy.
As an as like a pilot or as like a new name for me.
Maybe both.
All right.
That could have been good because it could be like Romney, right?
So I like changed my name to work.
That's his real name.
And then I write a pilot about my life.
And it's just.
I would just be a pilot.
Facial pilot.
There you go.
What do you have to change your name?
So make the pilot.
Plugs.
What do you have going on?
I'm here.
What do you have?
I'm on TikTok.
I know.
But for the last three plus years I've been making some pretty
bomb ass content on there.
Yeah.
At OK Blumer is my name on TikTok.
Allie.
Smash that.
Sorry.
Smash that like button.
Subscribe.
And let me know what kind of shit you want me to do on there.
You're asking them to do a lot.
Find you on TikTok.
Follow you.
Idea.
TikToks for you.
Like it.
Smash the like button on every video.
Any video that you like.
OK.
You can just follow me on Instagram.
All right.
Adam here.
Yeah.
And you're trying to sell that handle right.
I'm still trying to sell that handle.
Yeah.
Any a mirror out there like a brand wants that handle.
I'm trying to let it go for it.
Five figures.
Allie.
You can follow me on Twitter or Instagram at alliegon or on Letterbox 2.
I'm only friends with Mariegon and Letterbox.
So I'd love to grow.
Oh, yeah.
Yeah.
Smash those movie review likes.
Nice.
Buttons.
Yeah.
You can follow me on Twitter, which I don't care about.
I don't care if you follow me or not.
But I actually do whatever.
I actually really hit it actually mean a lot.
Yeah.
It's, you know, just.
And what's the name?
All right.
My name.
I guess.
Zack be done.
OK.
But I think if you type in Zack done it, I would come up.
Try that.
See how it goes.
Yeah.
And have you birthday to my friend?
I want to plug that.
Thanks.
Appreciate that.
Awesome man.
No, really positive.
Honestly.
No.
This was.
Yeah.
Honestly.
You've never done that on the show before.
I don't have had my birthday on the show.
I have Jeffrey James on Instagram at Jeff.
I already on Twitter.
Well, the last.
And watch what we do in the shadows.
All right.
Watch what we do in the shadows.
On.
Cool.
What is this?
What?
No.
We're worried about you, man.
I just don't want to leave here.
Yeah.
There's like an elephant in the room.
I don't want to leave here if you're feeling bad.
No.
I'm feeling.
What can I say?
And I'll say it.
That's awesome.
The writing you produced made me consider sending an email
on your behalf to someone who could change your life.
Wow.
The writing you produced made me consider sending an email
on your behalf that could change your life.
That's downstairs.
That was a hit-dum original.
Thank you.